# CS-350
### A repository of my work completed for CS 350: Emerging Systems Architectures and Tech
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Final Project
### Summary
The final project is an amalgamation of the work accomplished throughout the term. In the project, the temperature sensor, buttons, and LEDs on Texas Instrument's CC3220S development board are utilized, adjusted, or otherwise referenced to mimic a real-world air-cooling system that notifies the user when heating is turned on as the current temperature falls below a manually set desired temperature point. This data is also displayed to the user via the serial terminal. It is purposed to solve inter-communication between the GPIO, UART, I2C, and Timer drivers available for use on the TI board.
### What did I do well?
I believe I succeeded very well in following proper naming conventions, commenting within my code for exterior explanation, and efficiently scripting the necessary facets of this project for its success. Particularly, though perhaps an odd answer, I succeeded in developing my learning with regard to embedded systems, how they operate together, and how to properly delve into them and adjust what I require to solve a problem.
### Where could I improve?
I could definitely improve in further developing my understanding as well as evolving the technology to be more complex and serve more nuanced purposes. Granted, the project requirements for this particular course were meant to be introductory compared to the level of real-world application. It did take quite a bit of research and re-reading of textbook information in order to figure out the minute details of the coding as well as th overall how-do-I-do-this, so I could definitely improve my initial learning and understanding of concepts. Perhaps it is my mindset that may need to adjust.
### Supplementary Tools and Resources
If I were to continue this project, I would add a cooling system as well (expansion of all drivers involved) in order to properly mimic real-world A/C systems. I would also wish to functionality for specified modes, and maybe even notification systems that ping only when the system requires attention or is changing due to environmental aspects instead of displaying information every second.
### Transferrable Skills
Every skill I've learned for this project is transferrable throughout my final bits of CS education as well as preparation for my career in CS. The understanding that's come with developing embedded systems and scripting their inter-communication can be applied across the board as many aspects of technology are developed separate from each other but in ways that they are meant to work in tandem with one another. Being able to understand just how to get that communication going — as well as the work involved — is a great perspective to take with me as I develop.
### Project Maintenance, Readability, and Adaptability
This project showcases amateur but proper progression in how to maintain, read, and adapt code for future endeavors. It is modular where each facet — I2C, UART, GPIO, and Timer — are sanctioned from each other even though they communicate with one another. This allows easy adjustment to each part should it require it without the risk of ruining the other parts. Commenting my code keeps it understandable, and making sure there are proper points of whitespace allows the code to be readable as well. Not to mention concise but apt naming conventions keep the code readable and understable, too. Lastly, the object-oriented principles already mentioned work well with the others in order to allow the code to be adapted for whatever purpose, update, or accomodation may be required down the line. This project's particular purpose is a temperature system, but the inter-communication on display between the different drivers can be applied to many different kinds of applications such as smart home technology, sensory equipment, and even robotics implementation in car factories or even restaurants. The possiblities are endless.
